# cybersecurity-portfolio
Welcome to my cybersecurity portfolio!

I am an Air Force Veteran with 6 years of experience in cybersecurity. I first started my cybersecurity journey when I joined the Air Force and became a Cyber Systems Operator. So far I have gained experience with Windows, Linux, and even networking hardware. I have became a very well rounded System Administrator, but felt like there was more to learn. That's when I enrolled in SANS Institution and started my Bachelor's Degree in Applied Cybersecurity learning Blue Team and Red Team tactics/techniques. I have learned a lot so far during my studies and have recieved many different certifications such as the GFACT, GSEC, GCIH, and am currently scheduled to take the GYPC. There were many different courses along side those certifications, but currently I am enrolled in the course for GYPC and the NCL Fall 2025 Capture-The-Flag event.

# A reflection on your CTF experience
The Fall 2025 NCL CTF was an extremely challenging event that put all of the information I learned in past SANS courses to test. The CTF consisted of 3 different games as well as a Gymnasium which is similar to the practice game but had soulutions/hints to the problems. The 3 games in the CTF were; the Practice Game running 7 days, the Individual Game running 3 days, and the Team Game also running 3 days. I have never done a CTF challenge before so I wasn't sure if I was going to be able to answer any of the questions, but the Gym was a huge help. After diving into the questions I was becoming a little more confident because I was able to recall a lot of the tools and information that I learned during my SANS GCIH course. However, once I got to the harder questions and certain topics I realized I was stuck.

The first challenge was the Practice Game which ran 1 week long and required a minimum of 60% completion rate of the total questions. I believed that since this was 1 week long, and only a practice, I could take it easy and reach the minimum score with no problem. Except I was wrong. My goal was to complete 1 of the 10 section every day, and with that I would be at around 70% complete. The problem with this, was that would need to get 100% on each section every day. Like I said before, I ran into issues on the harder questions and was unable to solve them, meaning I wasn't going to be able to get 100% on every section. That's when I changed my strategy and tried to answer as many of the questions I could everyday, and not getting stuck on any 1 question or section. Unfortunately, it was too late and I was only able to complete 43.8%.

It was a good and bad thing that I was unable to complete the Practice Game because I then knew what I had to do in order to complete the Individual Game starting 2 weeks later. The individual game also required a 60% minimum completion rate except the real challenge was that it was only 3 days long. It was the same number of sections but even more questions to solve. Going into the game, my strategy was to start strong by starting the Individual Game how I ended the Practice Game. That was, doing as many questions as I could and not getting stuck on any 1 question or section. This worked out great and I was able to make a lot of progress on the first day. The second day was were I started to face some burn-out as I was getting stuck on almost every question. I used every resource I could think of from past course material, searhc engines, and AI tools.  

# One or more highlights from your CTF participation
